Wire up support for converting integrations-next configs to flow. (#5973)
grafana/agent: docs/sources/flow/reference/cli/run.md

configuration. This conversion uses the converter API described in the
[grafana-agent-flow convert][] docs.

If you include the `--config.bypass-conversion-errors` command-line argument,
{{< param "PRODUCT_NAME" >}} will ignore any errors from the converter. Use this argument
with caution because the resulting conversion may not be equivalent to the
original configuration.

> Include `--config.extra-args` for passing additional command line flags from
> the original format to the converter. See [grafana-agent-flow convert][]
> for more details on how `extra-args` work.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Include `--config.extra-args` to pass additional command line flags from the original format to the converter.
Refer to [grafana-agent-flow convert][] for more details on how `extra-args` work.
```
